#Usefulness Checklist
Criteria

In order to evaluate the usefulness of each website in question, I created a checklist with the following criteria:
The site has a privacy policy. 
Although users rarely read privacy policies, they are still very important. It is much more likely that the information comes from a credible source if the page has a privacy policy. It also usually means that the user will be at least partially protected if the user has to submit any of his or her personal information.
the name of the author is given. 
Since anyone can post whatever they want on the internet, it is very useful to at least know the name of the writer (at a minimum). If someone is willing to attach their name to a document, then the reader can do some research to see how qualified that person is.
the author is qualified. 
Just giving the name of the author is not enough. The writer of the information on the site should also be qualified in the subject that he or she is writing about.
the author can be contacted. 
When an author is willing to attach their email address it adds a lot of credability to the information on that page. Additionally, it gives the user the bonus that they can follow up with the author if they have any questions or want to challenge any information on the site.
the site's owner does not have a conflict of interest. 
This is a very common problem. If you want to buy a computer, then a web site that sells computers might be a poor place to do your research because they obviously want you to spend as much money as posible. In these cases, it can be good to find an impartial third party website. With pages that do not actually sell anything there is still a danger if they have advertising because their sponsors may have an influence on the content.
no excessive advertising. 
First of all, excessive advertising often leads to a conflict of interest as explained above. Secondly, it distracts the user from the actual content of the website and makes it a lot less readable.
the page is recently dated. 
When researching most topics, it is important to find recent information. If an article was written a long time ago, it could very well be useless or obsolete. Surprisingly, many sites do not even post the date the article was written, which is even worse.
references are included when necessary. 
Due to the nature of the internet, it is very important that an educational website has references in order to show its reliability.
no typos or spelling mistakes. 
Sloppy writing in general will make a page a lot less readable and significantly reduce the credability or the website all together. 
